Add tutorial for diff-drive base planning (#85)
ros-planning/moveit2_tutorials: doc/mobile_base_arm/mobile_base_arm_tutorial.rst

Planning For Differential-Drive Mobile Base and an Arm
======================================================
.. image:: images/intro.png
   :width: 700px

> 

Reviewer: I'd add a bit of an intro before getting into "Getting Started". Perhaps something like this:
```
This tutorial will show how you can configure a mobile manipulator with a differential drive base so that you can plan coordinated motions for the base and the other degrees of freedom using MoveIt. While you could use MoveIt to plan for just the base, this is not recommended. Use Nav2 for pure navigation. Note that the tutorial uses Hello Robot's Stretch platform for demonstration purposes, the same approach can be used for any mobile manipulator with a diff-drive base. 
```

In the into image, it looks like the gripper is part of the base. Can you put the arm and gripper up a bit, so that it's obvious that it's attached to the torso and not the base?

      kinematics_solver: stretch_kinematics_plugin/StretchKinematicsPlugin
      kinematics_solver_search_resolution: 0.005
      kinematics_solver_timeout: 0.1

See `stretch_description.srdf <https://github.com/PickNikRobotics/stretch_ros/blob/ros2/stretch_moveit_config/config/stretch_description.srdf#L29-L35>`_ and `kinematics.yaml <https://github.com/PickNikRobotics/stretch_ros/blob/ros2/stretch_moveit_config/config/kinematics.yaml#L5-L8>`_ for how it's been set-up for stretch robot.

For the source-code take a look at `stretch_kinematics_plugin <https://github.com/PickNikRobotics/stretch_moveit_plugins/tree/main/stretch_kinematics_plugin>`_

Setting up the kinematics model for the base
--------------------------------------------

To be able to generate plan for a differential-drive base we need to set-up two joint properties

motion_model
++++++++++++

This's used to config the planar joint model, it can have two values:

- holonomic: The joint can move in any direction, this is the default value if no motion_model joint property is specified
- diff_drive: The joint will have differential drive constraint (can't move side-ways)

.. code-block:: xml

>     <joint_property joint_name="planar_joint_name" property_name="motion_model" value="diff_drive" />

Reviewer: Maybe also document how to set angular weight (which you can now also set via SRDF).

Author: I did add it, but I'm not sure why it's being used so I didn't add a description, yet

Reviewer: The distance between two base poses (x0,y0,theta0) and (x1,y1,theta1) is the weighted sum of the distance between position and orientation: ||(x0,y0) - (x1,y1)|| - angular_weight*|theta0-theta1|.

Planning For Differential-Drive Mobile Base and an Arm
======================================================

This tutorial will show how you can configure a mobile manipulator with a differential drive base so that you can plan coordinated motions for the base and the other degrees of freedom using MoveIt. While you could use MoveIt to plan for just the base, this is not recommended. Use Nav2 for pure navigation. Note that the tutorial uses Hello Robot's Stretch platform for demonstration purposes, the same approach can be used for any mobile manipulator with a diff-drive base.

.. image:: images/intro.png
   :width: 700px

Getting Started
---------------
If you haven't already done so, make sure you've completed the steps in `Getting Started <../getting_started/getting_started.html>`_.

Installation
------------

Install the dependencies: ::

  cd ~/ws_moveit/src

>   wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PickNikRobotics/stretch_ros/ros2/stretch_ros.repos

Reviewer 2: Do you think we should add the model to moveit resources?

Author: Yes, this's what we were planning to do, I'll create a follow-up PR to do so

motion_model
++++++++++++

This's used to config the planar joint model, it can have two values:

- holonomic: The joint can move in any direction, this is the default value if no motion_model joint property is specified
- diff_drive: The joint will have differential drive constraint (can't move side-ways)

.. code-block:: xml

    <joint_property joint_name="planar_joint_name" property_name="motion_model" value="diff_drive" />

min_translational_distance
++++++++++++++++++++++++++

If the distance between two states is less than ``min_translational_distance`` the motion will be pure rotation, the default value is ``1e-5``, for more info see `computeTurnDriveTurnGeometry <https://github.com/ros-planning/moveit2/blob/main/moveit_core/robot_model/src/planar_joint_model.cpp#L149>`_ for why this's needed

.. code-block:: xml

    <joint_property joint_name="planar_joint_name" property_name="min_translational_distance" value="0.01" />

angular_distance_weight
+++++++++++++++++++++++

Could be set for both planar joints (diff_drive/holonomic) and floating joints, the default value is ``1.0``

> This's used when calculating the distance between two base poses ``(x0, y0, theta0)`` and ``(x1, y1, theta1)`` which is the weighted sum of the distance between position and orientation: ``||(x0, y0) - (x1, y1)|| - angular_distance_weight * |theta0 - theta1|``.

Reviewer: The minus should be a plus, my bad!
```suggestion
This is used when calculating the distance between two base poses ``(x0, y0, theta0)`` and ``(x1, y1, theta1)`` which is defined as the weighted sum of the distance between position and orientation: ``||(x0, y0) - (x1, y1)|| + angular_distance_weight * |theta0 - theta1|``.
```
